[BZ#2107400] Update 4.10 BYOH docs for RHEL 8 openshift-ansible (#47836)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rhel-compute-updating.adoc

# subscription-manager repos --disable=rhel-7-server-ose-4.9-rpms \
                             --enable=rhel-7-server-ose-4.10-rpms
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> As of {product-title} 4.10.23, running the Ansible playbooks on {op-system-base} 7 is deprecated, and suggested only for the purposes of updating existing installations.  After completing this procedure, you should either upgrade the Ansible host to {op-system-base} 8, or create a new Ansible host on a {op-system-base} 8 system and copy over the inventories from the old Ansible host.  Starting with {product-title} 4.11, the Ansible playbooks are provided only for {op-system-base} 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of {product-title} 4.10.23, running the Ansible playbooks on {op-system-base} 7 is deprecated, and suggested only for the purpose of updating existing installations.  After completing this procedure, you must either upgrade the Ansible host to {op-system-base} 8, or create a new Ansible host on a {op-system-base} 8 system and copy over the inventories from the old Ansible host. Starting with {product-title} 4.11, the Ansible playbooks are provided only for {op-system-base} 8.
```
